again goes,
Let's take a quick look at what we're gonna be creating now.
It's always useful to know what you're going to be doing ahead of time,
so a little bit of planning is going to save you.
Alluded time a bit later on.
So let's just have a look at this scan of created of the time sheet that we're gonna be
using.
You can see from this sheet that we have three different bits of data in there.
We have Constance those the things that will never change,
such as the logo of the company,
which I've cleverly made up to be A J consulted.
That's me.
There's going to be the contact details at the top left hand side.
That's going to be constant,
So that's never going to change.
So all of the Constance weaken just leave in the template,
which we're going to create in sheet to shortly now name providing.
It's only going to be the one person is going to use.
It can also be a constant.
We also have the times that we start in the morning that we started finish in the afternoon
.
Now they're gonna be data entry,
things and they're gonna be dynamic.
So we're probably gonna want to have those to our data entry screen,
cause that could change each time we enter it.
Now,
the third type of data,
we have our calculations.
So when we see the total air was worth,
we don't need to enter that because we can perform some maths on the start times and
calculate what that is automatically.
Candidate signature is just going to be a constant.
So we can either print the thing and sign it,
then scan it and send it off or just type are naming and have that is the signature on the
same thing with the client signature.
So we've got three types of days that we have constant data which won't change,
which we can just build into our template.
We have dynamic data,
those of the things that we want to enter into our data entry screen on.
We have calculations.
There are things that we don't need to enter.
We could answer it,
but what we're trying to do,
we save a little bit of time here.
So what we want to do is enter the bare minimum amount of information and have everything
else calculators automatically.
Okay,
so let's have a look at how we build those in